README.md, before:

# Anpu theme for Zola

This is a port of the Hugo theme [Anubis](https://github.com/Mitrichius/hugo-theme-anubis/tree/master/layouts) for [Zola](https://getzola.org).

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

## Usage

In order to use the theme you need to clone this repository in your `themes` folder and set your theme setting in `config.toml` to `anpu`. Like this

```toml
theme = "anpu"
```

This theme requires both the `tags` and `categories` taxonomies.

```toml
taxonomies = [
    { name = "categories" },
    { name = "tags" },
]
```

## How To Customize

There are two things you can customize:

- The links to be included in the menu
- The date format of the posts

### Menu links

In your `config.toml` under the `[extra]` section you need to set the `anpu_menu_links` list.

Example:

```toml
[extra]
anpu_menu_links = [
    { url = "$BASE_URL/about/", name = "About" },
]
```

If you include `$BASE_URL` in the url of a link it will be replaced to the base url of your site.

### Date format

In your `config.toml` under the `[extra]` section you need to set the `anpu_date_format` value.

Example:

```toml
[extra]
anpu_date_format = "%e %B %Y"
```

The formatting uses the standart `date` filter in Tera. The date format options you can use are listed in the [chrono crate documentation](https://tera.netlify.app/docs/#date).

Commit message:

Rename the theme from Anpu to Inpu, indicate as a modified version

README.md, after:

# Inpu theme for Zola

This is a modified version of [Anpu](https://github.com/zbrox/anpu-zola-theme),
which is a port of the Hugo theme [Anubis](https://github.com/Mitrichius/hugo-theme-anubis/tree/master/layouts) for [Zola](https://getzola.org).

![screenshot](screenshot.png)
![screenshot-mobile](screenshot-mobile.png)

## Usage

In order to use the theme you need to clone this repository in your `themes` folder and set your theme setting in `config.toml` to `inpu`. Like this

```toml
theme = "inpu"
```

This theme requires both the `tags` and `categories` taxonomies.

```toml
taxonomies = [
    { name = "categories" },
    { name = "tags" },
]
```

## How To Customize

There are two things you can customize:

- The links to be included in the menu
- The date format of the posts

### Menu links

In your `config.toml` under the `[extra]` section you need to set the `inpu_menu_links` list.

Example:

```toml
[extra]
inpu_menu_links = [
    { url = "$BASE_URL/about/", name = "About" },
]
```

If you include `$BASE_URL` in the url of a link it will be replaced to the base url of your site.

### Date format

In your `config.toml` under the `[extra]` section you need to set the `inpu_date_format` value.

Example:

```toml
[extra]
inpu_date_format = "%e %B %Y"
```

The formatting uses the standart `date` filter in Tera. The date format options you can use are listed in the [chrono crate documentation](https://tera.netlify.app/docs/#date).
